Add monitoring quota usage section with cost control metric (#36349)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/rum_without_limits/retention_quotas.md

3. Go to **Product Settings > Retention Filters**.
4. Set a daily quota threshold, a reset time, and a behavior when the quota is reached.

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/rum_without_limits/retention-quotas-configuration.png" alt="The retention quota configuration panel showing the daily quota threshold, reset time, and behavior options." style="width:65%" >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">Quotas do not apply to sessions retained by <a href="/real_user_monitoring/rum_without_limits/retention_filters/#permanent-retention-filters">Permanent Retention Filters</a>.</div>

Configuration is done at the application level, which means you can apply different retention strategies per application. Any configuration change (quota limit, retention behavior, reset time) is instantly applied.

## Monitor quota usage

> The retention filters page shows a breakdown of user sessions retention, including sessions blocked once the quota was reached. For dashboards and alerts, use the metric `rum.measure.usage.quota_blocked_sessions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The retention filters page shows a breakdown of retained user sessions, including sessions blocked once the quota is reached. For dashboards and alerts, use the metric `rum.measure.usage.quota_blocked_sessions`.
```

Author: Thanks, applied in e2cdddb7f0.
